The basics of supporting more screen sizes:

- Use "wrap_content" and "match_parent"

To ensure that your layout is flexible and adapts to 
different screen sizes, you should use "wrap_content" 
and "match_parent" for the width and height of some 
view components instead of hard-coded sizes. 

If you use "wrap_content", the width or height of the 
view is set to the minimum size necessary to fit the 
content within that view, 

while "match_parent" ("fill_parent" before API level 8) 
makes the component expand to match the size of its parent view.


- Use RelativeLayout

If you want a complex layout, use a RelativeLayout, which allows 
you to specify your layout in terms of the special relationships 
between components. E.g.: you can align one child view on the 
left side and another view on the right side of the screen, or you 
can align components below or above, left or right to other components. 


- Use Qualifiers

Your application should not only implement flexible layouts, 
but should also provide several alternative layouts to target 
different screen configurations. For different layouts use different 
layout directories named with qualifiers, e.g:
The default layout directory is inside your project:
/res/layout
containing e.g.: todorow.xml
If you want different layout for landscape orientation make a new 
directory with new layout files with same names:
/res/layout-land
    todorow.xml

But you can use other, e.g. "large" size qualifier for large screens, 
or use "sw600dp" for screens on which the smallest-width 600 dp is.


- Alternative bitmap drawables

You can create alternative bitmap drawables for different densities. 
Follow the 3:4:6:8:12:16 scaling ratio between the six generalized 
densities. E.g., if you have a bitmap drawable that's 48x48 pixels 
for medium-density screens, all the different sizes should be:

    36x36 (0.75x) for low-density
    48x48 (1.0x baseline) for medium-density
    72x72 (1.5x) for high-density
    96x96 (2.0x) for extra-high-density
    180x180 (3.0x) for extra-extra-high-density
    192x192 (4.0x) for extra-extra-extra-high-density

Use the following directory structure:

res/drawable-ldpi/todoicon.png    / bitmap for low-density
res/drawable-mdpi/todoicon.png    / bitmap for medium-density
res/drawable-hdpi/todoicon.png    / bitmap for high-density
res/drawable-xhdpi/todoicon.png   / bitmap for extra-high-density
res/drawable-xxhdpi/todoicon.png  / bitmap for extra-extra-high-density


- Use Density-independent Pixels

A dp is a density-independent pixel that corresponds 
to the physical size of a pixel at 160 dpi.

An sp is the same base unit, but is scaled by the user's 
preferred text size (it’s a scale-independent pixel), so you 
should use this measurement unit when defining text size 
(but never for layout sizes).